the economy is not doing well let's be
honest this stimulation from central
banks has maintained this fraud but if
they believed that the economy was as
strong as they say it is why not be
leveraged why continue to buy shares
what's the problem they're hiding you
came here for the truth today I have a
whole host of issues to discuss with you
and I want to begin with this the
likelihood of defaulting on a loan
payment in the next 12 months so it
isn't just those who are earning less
than $40,000 a year lower income
individuals no it's all of those people
here where even those making over 100k
are in the worst case in this chart
anyway but if you just look at the total
population you are seeing enough people
that if these individuals actually do
default on the loans as they say they
are this will trigger a domino effect
there's no way that this will not do so
it only takes a spark to get the fire
going and this would be more than enough
more than enough and not even all these
people it's a domino effect one thing
happens like the subprime crisis and
they suggested look subprime is a small
part of the total loans therefore not
going to create a problem but what
happened it did in fact have a domino
effect
so surely this could be the same
scenario and that's just one example
auto loans I believe are something that
is just gone berserk in recent times
I'll try to cover that more look at this
here
again you're looking at the likely to
default scenario again there is the
situation where we have fraudulent loan
applications and people are either
inputting their own fraudulent data or
the corporation's are helping them out
so that they can push this through the
door get more people loaning money the
u.s. average hourly earnings have been
declining well that sounds like a broken
record on this channel but anyway you
can see that on a year-over-year change
these numbers they're not doing well
yes it's come up since the bottom here
but when you really think about it
individuals their salaries really
haven't not only have they not kept up
with inflation it basically having risen
starting salary for people and I've
shown you the statistics specifically
themselves but they're not doing well so
how do you ever keep up with the ever
increasing prices of energy food and
everything else if your wage doesn't
keep up approximate subprime consumer
debt balances outstanding the percentage
total of outstanding based on the credit
scores alone all I wanted to show you
was that number one student that
okaywell mortgages obviously extreme
amount of leverage people take advantage
student debt this has become a serious
problem which is sort of just swept
under the rug don't worry it's only a
trillion dollars plus that's been put
onto the backs of the taxpayers
they'll have to bail it out of course
and auto loans auto loans make up for
such a high degree particularly in the
subprime category
something that I cover very frequently
because people have been buying a lot of
different vehicles you can see it here I
mean in Toronto we have so many luxury
vehicles you have no idea
driving down the road every day I see
obviously the Audi BMW mercedes-benz
those are standard cars now and then
you'll see Tesla's you will see
Maseratis consistently many Maseratis in
fact I see rolls-royce I see Bentley I'm
looking at all of these luxury vehicles
Ferraris and Lamborghinis and all that
luxury top and bottom of the scale I'm
seeing it all but are people actually
able to afford the vehicles which
they're driving do they own the vehicles
they're driving how many people would
say why would I want to buy the car when
I can finance it why would I want to buy
the car with cash when I can lease it
and whatever you want to do that's up to
you I'm just saying we have a lot of
debt there's a lot of that people owe
money to somebody else why do they have
this system that allows a few select
people to create money out of thin air
loan it to the commercial banks the
commercial banks and take that money
they loan it out to individuals at a
higher rate of interest the whole system
is a fraud I'm just trying to point that
out and then you have this John McAfee
who came out and actually said Bitcoin
had five hundred thousand dollars within
three years now that's an extreme bet
but the reason I mentioned is I thought
it was quite funny so this individual
said are you sure about that
and he said if not I will eat my
you-know-what on national television
so he's making a bet that he's going to
be eating a sausage and if not that who
knows what's going to happen I just want
to see in three years from now and try
to go back to this video and we'll see
anyway just a little bit of humor for
you there
Bitcoin reversed steep losses as miners
began using new software which aims to
bridge an ideological gap that is
threatened to divide the cryptocurrency
so Bitcoin was at this real stalemate
August 1st is a big day is it going to
happen is it not going to happen and
that send the cryptocurrencies tumbling
down all these different issues in fact
this is the primary one so what they did
was kick the can down the road and so
they are able to then have this rise
which had come as a result and I believe
that many of these Kryptos had increased
fifty percent from their bottom so you
can see what has happened a very
volatile market there's no doubt about
that but what happens from here well you
can see that look at all these different
initial coin offerings you can see
there's a lot of money being thrown at
it doesn't matter what you think about
it I just see it as a lot of money going
into this new type of asset class
whether you agree with it or not just
wanted to point it out right here
foreigner snap up a record of number
record number of US homes foreign buyers
close on one hundred fifty three billion
dollars of US residential real estate
over the last year and that is a very
very high number they are taking
advantage perhaps the prices have gone
too high in other areas so they're
choosing places in the US which not have
not been so you know pushed up that's
just one thing to note this year
venezuela might have to take on some
sanctions by the US
this is all because of my doodle saying
that they want to push through a new
constitution obviously you know that in
the new constitution the president will
be given unlimited power as if he
doesn't have enough already let's see
what happens with that it's not going to
go well the you know the diplomatic
relations there are certainly suffering
then you have Vigo
oh how I love Zika 20 million bacteria
infected mosquitos are getting released
into California City by a division of
none other and Google's parent company
so Google bought a whole bunch of
companies and continues to do so and I
don't know how to pronounce it but
verily and that is part of the whole
alphabet Google's parent company they've
now released these bacteria infected
mosquitos and I just whenever I read
about this type of thing I I become at a
loss for words because they've really
gone completely overboard whatever it is
that they do with Zika virus with
everything else they have gone
completely over buddy you can't just
kill off entire species because you deem
them to be unsafe i I don't want Vica I
think it's terrible but you probably
created it in the first place so you
know maybe stop creating all of these
bio weapons and everything else maybe we
wouldn't have a problem that you would
have to genetically modify all these
damn mosquitoes that are by the way
finding their way in land more so
they're coming inward it's not just in
Miami anymore it's not just in these
select few areas Cayman Islands and
everywhere they cruise spraying
around-the-clock after a billion
mosquitoes blown in by the storms so
this is what happened then you have
man-made issues that occur and then you
have the natural forces which are
bringing these inward blowing them in
this is going to spread Vica even worse
mission accomplished they said that it
was going to be worse this year perhaps
it will happen I don't know I don't know
enough about all the details all I know
is that they've created bioweapons in
the past they've been doing this for
quite a while they have shown that they
cannot contain anything any sort of
virus any sort of contagion they have
been shown to create things and allow
them to be released to then track them
this has been such a detriment to
society this has to stop of course
though it won't but it's not gonna stop
me from speaking out about it so if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS and
when you release even more informative
so check them out at Amazon there's a
look inside feature it allows you to
flip through the pages of these books to
see if you like them take care